Improve wording and fix YAML value for blue background (#1754)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Tutorials/Parameters/Understanding-ROS2-Parameters.rst

.. image:: set.png

Setting parameters with the ``set`` command will only change them in your current session, not permanently.

> However, you can save your setting changes and reload them the next time you start a node.

Reviewer: the original sentence looks just fine to me, it's probably just a matter of style.

In this case it should be fine because the tutorial is the same for Foxy/Galactic/Rolling, but in general keeping the changes minimal helps reduce the potential for conflicts when backporting changes to the other branches/distros.

Reviewer 2: Yes, this is largely a matter of style, though I will say that this sentence is already kind of redundant.  I'll suggest:

```suggestion
However, you can save your settings and reload them the next time you start a node.
```

5 ros2 param dump
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> You can “dump” all of a node’s current parameter values into a file to save them for a later use using the command:

Reviewer 2: This now has a redundant "use using" in it.  There is honestly nothing wrong with the previous sentence, so I wouldn't actually make this change at all.

            reliability: reliable
      use_sim_time: false

> If you haven't restarted your turtlesim node in between the YAML file will contain the value ``150`` (purple) for ``background_r``.

Reviewer: it might be worth being a bit more specific. Also, I'd change the mention of "(purple)" since the `background_r` value of 150 doesn't make the background purple by itself.

```suggestion
If you haven't restarted your turtlesim node in between setting the ``background_r`` parameter and dumping ``/turtlesim``'s parameters, the YAML file will contain the value ``150`` for ``background_r`` (to make the background purple).
```

            reliability: reliable
      use_sim_time: false

If you haven't restarted your turtlesim node between setting the ``background_r`` parameter and dumping ``/turtlesim``'s parameters,

> the YAML file will contain the value ``150`` for ``background_r`` (to make the background purple).

Reviewer 2: While this is true, this tutorial doesn't actually tell the user to restart their turtlesim node, does it?  In that case, I don't think we need this change at all; tutorials are supposed to show off very specific things, not account for every possibility.

Reviewer: that's a good point!

Author: Okay, but then the value for the YAML output needs to be changed since it is not showing `150`.
